FILENAME: FW_ Starting Out - Focusing your Attention - alan.moore@intellagentic.io.pdf
UPLOADED: 2026-04-12 16:42:01.200954+00:00
TOTAL_EXTRACTED_CHARS: 3353
CLAUDE_SAW: first 5000 chars (Lambda truncates with text[:5000])
BEYOND_CAP_CHARS: 0

--- FIRST 5000 CHARS (CLAUDE SAW THIS) ---
PDF Document (1 pages):

--- Page 1 ---
S ubject: FW : S tarting O ut - Focusing your Attention
Fri, Apr 10, 9:29 PM (2 da
to lmurphy
lm urphy@m fptrading.com
 
 
From: Lisa Murphy <lmurphy@mfptrading.com>
Sent: Monday, June 13, 2022 3:21 PM
To: jkonomi@mfptrading.com; mpavlov@mfptrading.com; 'Dmitry Petelin' <dpetelin@mfptrading.com>
Cc: 'George Davison' <gdavison@mfptrading.com>
Subject: Starting Out - Focusing your Attention
 
Hi team,
 
I was asked the other day what issues re-occur most often and have the highest priority.
 
There is so much to learn when you start out in this industry that it can feel like a tornado of new terminology and
situations happening around you. To put it bluntly, it can be a bit overwhelming. It helps to know where to focus yo
attention and your time. So, to that end please use the following as a guide you can use to streamline your studies
 
1. Learn the basics of a trade.  When the client trades what are they buying/selling, what is their price, which L
were involved, what is the LP price, what is the mark up captured by MFP, what is the value date, the client
order ID and the order type. Study the components in the Dealing Pad
2. Learn the basic workflow of a trade. Follow the lifecycle of a trade, its starts as an order in the trading
environment, then it travels to the credit console via a post-trade message, then it moves onto the Natwest
account where it is ultimately matched and booked. How does the trade appear in each environment? How
you tell if there has been a breakdown in communication between any of those components?
3. Learn where to find contact information for clients and LPs and the details that create their trading profile. W
PB do they use to obtain credit? How does that PB receive copies of trades done in our trading environmen
How do they access our environment? GUI. API? If via API who is their technology provider? Hint: MFPs pr
is Trader Tools.
 
Task: I want the three of you each to profile 3 different IDs in the trading environment this week and send me a se
describing that client according to number 3 above, plus anything else you feel is important. Include with your
assessment a trade you have followed from the dealing pad through to Natwest. If you do not have Natwest acces
follow through to the credit console please.
 
Here are the most common support questions/issues we see that need to be managed to a good end. Please note
this list is not exhaustive.
 
1. Someone is unable to connect to the environment. Every API is allowed to access our environment only fro
single IP address that is whitelisted (like adding it to a phone book) before trading can begin. It is a static
(unchanging) value. Sometimes we received the incorrect IP address for the connection, other times the va
are not saved correctly by our network provider, both can result in someone being unable to connect. Our jo
communicate between the parties involved until connection is established. GUI users have logins and pass
If you need to reset a password, you contact trader tools support team for assistance. This can be quite an 
request if it is someone needing to trade right away. You may want to ask the person if they have open orde
4/12/26, 5:41 PM FW: Starting Out - Focusing your Attention - alan.moore@intellagentic.io
https://mail.google.com/mail/u/2/popout 1/1



--- CHARS 5000-5500 (BUFFER, JUST PAST CAP) ---
